[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Investors in cryptocurrency
have grown by more than 300%
in the last year alone.
With the world coming out of
one of the most tumultuous times
in modern history, people are
flocking to digital assets.
But why?
Could investors have
found a key to unlocking
the secrets of the crypto
market by using sacred geometry?
This is Gaia News.
Cryptocurrency, a
one-time novelty
used by tech-savvy individuals
as a digital storehouse
of wealth, is now being
adopted by some of the largest
institutions around the world.
Cryptocurrency has
gone mainstream.
But with growing
demand comes the need
to better understand
these new markets.
Some investors have found
the use of sacred geometry
as a way to track the
trends of digital currency.
Known as Fibonacci retracements,
this sacred geometric tool
has been used to predict
potential support
and resistance levels for price
actions in financial markets.
But what is sacred geometry,
and in particular, the Fibonacci
sequence?
Robert Grant, CEO and
founder of Crown Sterling,
is an expert on sacred geometry
and crypto coin creator.
>> Geometry in and of itself
is a language of the universe.
It's the language
of consciousness.
It is the coherence of
consciousness itself.
Geometry ends up being that
which we start to perceive,
and it can take on the meaning
that we attach to it as well.
So whatever we start to
perceive in that geometry
starts to manifest in the
realm-- in the world around us.
The Fibonacci sequence
is a series of--
a natural number of progression
that builds upon itself.
It's self-organized.
So you start with the
number 1, and then
you simply add
another 1 to that.
So it becomes 1 plus 1 equals 2.
So then you take the
last two numbers,
and then that becomes 3.
So it goes 1, 1, 2, 3,
5, and then it becomes 8,
because 3 plus 5 equals 8.
And then it becomes 13.
And then 21, 34,
55, 89, 144, 233.
And you can continue this exact
process all the way infinitely.
>> When people apply these
geometric sequences to crypto
market charts, they find
that certain patterns emerge.
>> There are many people that
take an entirely different
approach to investing decisions,
and they'll use Fibonacci
analysis to try to predict
the harmonic of the next wave
of whatever the
trend is going to be.
We know, from analysis of
something called the Mandelbrot
set, this symbol and structure
of self-similarity that
continues to fractalize across
the universe at all scales--
when you think about
it in those terms,
the Fibonacci
pattern is embedded
within this fractalization.
So if that's the
case, then you should
be able to do predictive
analytics on taking a snapshot.
Would it not potentially also
occur in financial markets?
And that is one of the
most promising analyses
that I've been wanting
to look at and pursue
for quite some time.
>> But if sacred geometry is
the language of consciousness,
how can we know if
it's predictive,
or informing the markets
through investor consciousness?
>> Is the geometry, actually,
that's being put out there
somehow part of a collective
awareness that is then creating
an outcome?
There's definitely an
uncanny relationship.
It's happened too many times.
And I believe that our
ability to perceive patterns
is really another way of
looking at our own way of seeing
the universe and
being able to measure
our degree of intelligence.
>> Can the use of sacred
geometry to read the crypto
markets really give people a
leg up on knowing how certain
assets will trend?
>> I do fundamentally believe
there is a frequency that
the world can tap into, and
those that are able to perceive
it will do certain actions
based on those frequencies.
But to describe it and say it's
been scientifically referenced,
et cetera, would be a leap that
I'm not willing, yet, to make.
>> Though finding patterns
in the past is in no way
a guarantee for future success,
many have found the use
of sacred geometry to read
the crypto markets financially
beneficial.
With so much uncertainty, can
we use the universal patterns
found in geometry as a way
to make sense of the world?
Either way there is no
denying that we are all
connected in a cosmic web.
And, as Robert Grant
says, those who
are able to perceive
these patterns
can perceive the universe.
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.